week1
Introduce ourself, confirm the project topic and familiar with other teammates.
I brainstormed with teammates about the features of our chatbots

week2
finally decided the features(epic stories) and elaborate the cooresponding 
 user stories for each feature. I try to search through materials to find out 
existing structure of chatbot. Briefly split the medical diagonsis system as 
three components: keywords extraction, intent detection and illness check.

week3
This week, most of the time is spend on the proposal writting. I mainly contribute
to the system structure part. Draw system diagram, confirm the tech detail and explain 
the reason.

week4
Prepare for the sprint 1 demo. Successfully apply for the infermedica api to use.
write the code for the diagonsis system backend via flask.

week5
After finishing the demo 1. discuess with teammates about the retrospective A. Anlaysing
what's going well or not. Sperate the job for the next sprint

week6
Put most of time to train the dialogflow to recongnise the intent of the user's input.
write the backend code to appropriately reponse according to that

week7
Because we need the functionalities of covid diagonsis. I download the dataset from the kaggle,
operate some feature engineering and make a decision tree to train based on the data.
the final result is 93%, which is highly accecptable

week8
prepare for the demo2. write the backend code the handle the covid self-checker functionality.
After the demo, discuess the what the last sprint its going to do. 

week9
discuess with Chi about the technique details about the patient's support, including the structure
of support ticket and their interaction. Complete the diagonsis summary and store it to the MongoDB
after each diagonsis. Implement backend handler for the all the support ticket operation

week10
Design the presentation sequence and prepare for that. I'm in charge of introdution, diagonsis and and 
covid checker. We also assign the job for the report. For me, i need to finish the description/challenge.