Week 1

Introduce myself, familiar with teammate and group for chatbot is created. I made a Team channel for team communication.
I looked at the proposal requirement and made a skeleton based on the keyword. 

We agree the hold our first team internal meeting at Mon 9.20 10am

Week 2

Meeting 1 Mon
Create meeting minutes templates and use it.
Made a basic proposal template (with only title page, heading based on proposal specs)
We all brainstorm user stories, functionalities, etc
 
Meeting 2 Sun
Add basic draft on prototyping tool balsamiq for UI design.
Complete the problem statement and novelty part for the proposal.
Play around with dialogflow.
We all add some user stories with their related epic stories to the Jira backlog.
Plan next meeting on Tue 8pm.

Week 3 

FInalised proposal together.
Start code on login, register flask / mongodb setup

Week 4 

Set up mongodb altas database & symptom checker with endlessmedical api but infermedica is used (by Yuan) since it is more powerful.

Week 5

Plan on Sprint 2, assigned task for covid cases, hotspot, food recommendation.

Week 6

start web scrape and find websites .
Tried Selenium but gives same result as BeautifulSoup when scrape javascript dynamic generated table.
So the soup is used as it is faster and lightweight. Selenium requires chrome or firefox core (~300mb) to be installed.

Week 7

Finalised assigned tasks. Testing on WSL2.
add more training data to my part on dialogflow
we start draft retro

Week 8 

Assigned task - integration and give vaccine info user story to Dianze
we finish retro

Week 9

Finish integration to messenger and start adding comments and minor design to my part.
We discuss about how to do the presentation and report
report Deadline set to Wednesday
meeting Mon to pratise demo
Install lubuntu and start testing compatibility.

Week 10

Prepare demo, add covid symptom check to integration and finish plaintext.py which could used for all 
integration.
Facebook needs webhook and so use ngrok over other tunneling tool since it is reliable.
Testing - thou it is shown that if everything is started in the lubuntu, 3cpus 8g ram shown really slow by yen's 
For whatever reason, unfortunity, the integration part may not be run in China due to network issue.
E.g. the facebook developer portal cannot be login there.
continuing finishing report and required assessment